1. Set up stack navigator and bottom tab bar navigator (check)

2. Add functional pages into MeNavigator, add navigation buttons to me page (check)
  
    Following
    Followers
    Likes

    EditProfile
    Setting
       
    UserCart（购物车）
    Browse（创作灵感）
    ViewedPosts（浏览记录）

3. Add functional pages into HomeNavigator, add buttons to home page (check)

4. Consider moving Me and Home page into component as folders, 
and add related pages to their folder (check)

5. Add Top navigation bar and three tab pages to Home, put them in a folder (check)

6. Add a swiping-to-go-back function to the stack screens (check)

7. Make an in-page tab, for Posts, Tag, Collects, Likes (check)

8. Modify Bottom tab icon and name style (check)

9. Add a scroll view for the following and followers page (check)
 
9.1 Add navigation to different user profile page using user id (check)

9.2 Add search bar to search key word, and best match result will show on the top (check)

9.3 Add a full screen of following users, pull data from an array (check)

*** (Add a comment line showing each part of the component in return())
({/* Search bar */})

10. Add a profile page for Symba, add a navigation to it from Following (check)

11. Add actual posts to home, one for Symba, one for Money (check)

**** 12. Add logic for EditProfile, add Like Post Logic (add like button that can change color
, add liked posts to Likes page) (half check)

13. Add a backend (MERN) for posts * (Oct 19)

14. Add error handlers

15. Add a user context to keep track of the number of users from UserData (check)

16. Modify Home navigators logic, remove Follow, Explore, and Nearby from HomeNavigator,
add a navigator for each page (check)


Notes:

1. I tried to make the tab indicator to appear directly below the label instead of shifting, 
installed tailwind and tried to recalculate the position for each tab, but the speed is very slow,
I am going to keep the react native default shifting animation for now. If this is of a higher priorotiy,
I will rework it anytime if needed and will try again to figure out how to improve the speed

2. I was deciding between creating individual stack navigator for each clickable button on 
Me page or just dump everything in Me stack, and have decided to just put everything in the MeNavigator (MeStack) for now


后期：
分享pop up
头像侠加号记录日常页面